COACH LOOP — APPLYING AN AI-PROVIDED UPDATE

This is the reusable procedure. Each package also provides release-specific
steps naming its expected baseline, ZIP, changed files and required deletions.
Find the latest package steps through docs/README.md. Older recipes are historical.

1. Save a private JSON backup in Files; verify it in Settings. Keep it outside
   GitHub until device QC passes.

2. Open your existing Codespace at /workspaces/CoachLoop. Run ONE command at a
   time, wait for the prompt, and stop on errors:

git status --short
git pull --ff-only

   Preserve uncommitted work before pulling. Check the release's expected
   baseline commit and app-release.ts. Stop/reconcile unexpected newer work.

3. Download the ZIP to your computer. Drag it into the Codespace Explorer beside
   package.json (or right-click the folder -> Upload). Do NOT use GitHub Add file
   -> Upload for ZIPs. Ignored ZIPs should never be committed.

4. Extract the release's named ZIP at repository root. Apply only its exact
   documented deletions: overlays replace matching files but cannot delete.
   Run the pinned frozen install and release gate:

npx --yes pnpm@11.25.0 install --frozen-lockfile
npx --yes pnpm@11.25.0 run release:check

   Stop unless checks pass. A chunk-size warning alone is not a build failure.
   Never disable tests or frozen installation to bypass failures.

5. Use the release's exact git add list, not git add . or broad directories.
   Stage specified deletions with git rm. Review:

git --no-pager diff --cached --stat
git status --short

   No personal JSON, generated logs, dist, node_modules, benchmarks or ZIPs.
   Commit/push only the reviewed changes using the release-specific commands.

6. GitHub -> Actions -> newest Publish Coach Loop PWA -> confirm the correct
   commit and wait for green. Read any failing step; do not bypass checks.

7. Installed app online: finish workouts, close editors, wait for Saved.
   Settings -> Check updates -> Restart to update. Close other app windows if
   requested. Confirm release/build and follow the release's iPhone checklist.
   Closing all windows is a fallback. Never clear site data or uninstall for
   a normal update. Phone QC is additional to the automated release gate.

8. Delete the local ignored ZIP after successful application if desired.
   Historical committed ZIPs remain in history; don't rewrite history merely
   for cosmetic cleanup.

An AI with repository access can prepare a tested branch/pull request instead.
Inspect the diff and require green checks before merging main. Keep private
backups out of AI workspaces; use synthetic data for failure tests.
